what hello there what's going on guys my
name is Anthony or Big B stats and today
I'm going to be showing you guys some
new screenshots for the natural texture
pack is coming to Minecraft Xbox 360
this is our second official texture pack
only our first one was a mash-up pack
our second one was a plastic texture
pack and now our third one won't be a
natural texture pack which is the images
that I'm showing you today so here's a
look at some images that are brand-new
hopefully you guys are tuning in to this
and let me know what you guys think a
lot I really want to know what you guys
think in the comment box below there is
no release date on this yet but it's
coming very very soon Microsoft
accidentally released a natural texture
pack so a couple people were able to
download it and probably still have it
download and able to play it while
others of course not because they took
it down but Microsoft made a mistake on
that by releasing the natural texture
pack early so I wasn't able to get it to
actually show you guys but this is just
some screenshots and it looks really
awesome I whole my whole idea my whole
thoughts on it is that I love it it
looks a lot like sphax which I think
that was probably one of the number one
requested skins to come to minecraft
xbox 360 that in dokucraft I saw those
two a lot and I think this is really
good i really like the way the cow looks
realistic the pig looks realistic
everything is just a lot more realistic
and natural which I really love a lot so
this is going to be a really good
texture pack you guys and again let me
know what you guys think in the comment
box below I'll be reading the comments
and hopefully I can share some more
insight with you guys when I do like a
walkthrough video whenever the texture
bag gets released maybe I'll get it
early we'll see but that's pretty much
it for the video let me know what you
guys think of the texture back again and
be sure to drop the video like is very
much appreciated and be sure to
subscribe to stay up-to-date with the
latest minecraft xbox 360 news and much
more I'll try to keep you guys up to
date as much as I can and until the next
video I will talk to you guys later
peace out and enjoy the rest of your day